feat(documentation): Add new link to Globus docs (#246)
brown-ccv/ccv-website: content/services/project-consulting.mdx

  #### Initial Consultation and Exploration
  
  We begin with an initial consultation to gather and define objectives and explore solutions. 
  
  #### Development

  This includes scoping, hands-on development/research, regular touch-points, deliverables, and handoff.

  #### Deliverables, Handoff, and Maintenance

  We provide deliverables and detailed documentation for handoff to your team as well as a maintenance plan to ensure long-term sustainability.
</ContentSection>

<ContentSection title="Funding Collaborations">
    Our collaborations are primarily supported by grant-funded research projects. We are available to discuss your ideas no matter where you are in the project lifecycle, and we are adept at scaling solutions to meet your specific requirements. We could also help strengthen proposals as well. See our facilities statement.

    **Partial Funding / Funding Match:** We have a limited budget for partial funding depending on need  
    **Full Collaborator Funding:** Effort is fully paid by collaborator

    <ButtonGroup>

>         <ButtonLink href="https://facilities.brown.edu/services" variant="primary_filled">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <ButtonLink href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1anrhAU6iQxAo-KzNKeiDgLd-ZiC3UsuoRAZUKOBRLB4/edit?usp=sharing" variant="primary_filled">
```

            Facilities Statement
        </ButtonLink>

>         <ButtonLink href="/" variant="primary_filled">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <ButtonLink href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GFG9NYSh0pAQuI1n4Hba1-jC_-2ySQ6uzXltc_khnig/edit?usp=sharing" variant="primary_filled">
```

    </StyledCard>
  </CardGroup>
</ContentSection>

<ContentSection title="Working with Us">
    CCV provides computing infrastructure, consulting, and support to the Brown Community. We have HPC specialists,
    data scientists, and research software engineers available to work with researchers. We frequently partner with
    researchers on projects that may span weeks, months, or years. These partnerships can in some cases involve a
    researcher using grant funds to support one of our data scientists or research software engineers.

  ### Approach
  
  We begin with an initial consultation to gather and define objectives and explore solutions. We define clear,
  short-term project goals and deliverables to keep things on track. We'll always work with you to redefine goals as
  your research needs evolve.
  
  ### Structure

   A primary contact from CCV will be the technical lead for the project, and various members from our team may
    contribute. Please include the technical lead on any major decisions about the project's scope or timeline.

  ### Deliverables

>   We provide detailed documentation for handoff to your team as well as a maintenance plan to ensure long-term

Reviewer: update !
```suggestion
  We provide project deliverables, documentation, and a maintenance plan for handoff to your team to ensure long-term
```

    <CardGroup>
        <CostEstimateCard 
          title="Extra Small" 
          time="1-3" 
          units="months" 
          engineers="1" 
          fte="40%"
        />
        <CostEstimateCard 
          title="Small" 
          time="6-8" 
          units="months" 
          engineers="1-2" 
          fte="40%"
        />
        <CostEstimateCard 
          title="Medium" 
          time="1" 
          units="year" 
          engineers="1-2" 
          fte="40%"
        />
        <CostEstimateCard 
          title="Large" 
          time="2+" 
          units="years" 
          engineers="2+" 
          fte="40%"
        />
        \* Effort is measured in full-time equivalent (FTE) cost. We follow Brown University's
        <a href="https://hr.brown.edu/working-brown/compensation/salary-ranges" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer" >salary range guidelines</a>
        to calculate cost.
    </CardGroup>

</ContentSection>

> <ContentSection title="Project Estimation Examples">
>     We provide services with limited resources at no cost to all members affiliated with Brown. For advanced computing
>     that requires extra resources, we charge a monthly fee.

Reviewer: This paragraph doesn't work for this section? Let's take it out. This seems like leftover sentences from the rates page

```suggestion
<ContentSection title="Project Estimation Examples">
```
